<!-- Copyright © 2016 RTE Réseau de transport d’électricité --->

# ManipulateWidget 0.5.1 (2017-01-23)

## New Features

* Variable `.id` is now available when evaluating the initial properties of the input controls. This can be useful in comparison mode, for instance to set different choices for a select input. 

## Bug fixes

* Fixed a scope problem occuring when manipulateWidget was used inside a function and parameter `.updateInputs` was used.
* Fixed a crash that could occur when parameters `.compare` and `.updateInputs` were used together.


# manipulateWidget 0.5.0 (2017-01-18)

## New Features

* `manipulateWidget()` can now be used in a R Markdown document with shiny runtime. Input controls are included in the final document so end users can play with their values directly. (contribution by JJ. Allaire)
* `manipulateWidget()` has two new arguments `.compare` and `.compareLayout` to create a comparison interface. When `.compare` is set, two charts are outputed with some common and some individual input controls (see vignette).
* Now, input controls generated by `manipulateWidget()` can be dynamically updated thanks to the new argument ".updateInputs".
* New functions `staticImage()` and `staticPlot()` to include in a combine widget a static image or a static plot created with base functions, ggplot2, etc.
* In `combinedWidgets`objects, individual widgets are stored in a property called `widgets`, so users can now access them and modify them.


# manipulateWidget 0.4 (2016-12-16)

## Breaking changes

* Function `combineWidgets()` has been entirely rewritten and now produces a htmlwidget that can be included as is in documents or shiny applications. The general behavior is the same, but some parameters have changed.

## New features

* `manipulateWidget()` can now update an already rendered widget instead of overwriting it each time the user changes an input. This leads to better performance and user experience. Look at the documentation of manipulateWidget for further information.

## Bug fixes
* `manipulateWidget()` now preserves the order of the initial value of select inputs.
* `manipulateWidget()` now automatically finds the correct render and output functions. This solves in particular sizing problems.

# manipulateWidget 0.3 (2016-10-06)

* add a file LICENSE and copyright to sources files

# manipulateWidget 0.2 (2016-09-27)

## New features

* New functions `mwUI()` and `mwControlsUI()` have been added to let the user easily reuse the user interface generated by the package but with different server logic.
* User can now easily create group of inputs in function manipulate widget. In the UI, these inputs are grouped in a panel that can be collapsed/opened by clicking on its name.

## Bug fixes

* Many useless but worrying warning messages have been removed.
